com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/ContextImplHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.ContextImplHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.ContextImplHook$1
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/ChunkedWriter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.ChunkedWriter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/MagicNumberFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.MagicNumberFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/TailerListener.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.TailerListener
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/OthersHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.OthersHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.OthersHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.OthersHook$2
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/StringUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.StringUtils
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.StringUtils$InitStripAccents
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/ActivityThreadHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.ActivityThreadHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.ActivityThreadHook$1
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/XposedModule.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.XposedModule
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.XposedModule$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.XposedModule$2
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/NullReader.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.NullReader
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/BoundedReader.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.BoundedReader
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/builder/EqualsBuilder.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.builder.EqualsBuilder
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/serialization/ClassNameMatcher.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.serialization.ClassNameMatcher
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/OkHttpHookInterceptor.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.OkHttpHookInterceptor
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.OkHttpHookInterceptor$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.OkHttpHookInterceptor$2
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.OkHttpHookInterceptor$3
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.OkHttpHookInterceptor$4
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.OkHttpHookInterceptor$5
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/EmptyFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.EmptyFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/EndianUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.EndianUtils
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/ByteOrderParser.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.ByteOrderParser
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/UnixLineEndingInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.UnixLineEndingInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/NameFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.NameFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/builder/IDKey.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.builder.IDKey
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/BrokenInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.BrokenInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/reflect/MemberUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.reflect.MemberUtils
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/FileExistsException.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.FileExistsException
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/ActivityManagerHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.ActivityManagerHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.ActivityManagerHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.ActivityManagerHook$2
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/Validate.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.Validate
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/IPCHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.IPCHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.IPCHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.IPCHook$2
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.IPCHook$3
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.IPCHook$4
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.IPCHook$5
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.IPCHook$6
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.IPCHook$7
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.IPCHook$8
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/comparator/NameFileComparator.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.comparator.NameFileComparator
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/FileSystemHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.FileSystemHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.FileSystemHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.FileSystemHook$2
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.FileSystemHook$3
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.FileSystemHook$4
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.FileSystemHook$5
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/formatter/EventFormatter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.formatter.EventFormatter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/WebViewHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.WebViewHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.WebViewHook$1
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/TrueFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.TrueFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/CharSequenceInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.CharSequenceInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/WindowsLineEndingInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.WindowsLineEndingInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/NullInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.NullInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/FalseFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.FalseFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/CountingOutputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.CountingOutputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/IOFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.IOFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/AccountManagerHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.AccountManagerHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.AccountManagerHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.AccountManagerHook$2
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/FileDeleteStrategy.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.FileDeleteStrategy
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.FileDeleteStrategy$ForceFileDeleteStrategy
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/TeeInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.TeeInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/builder/ToStringBuilder.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.builder.ToStringBuilder
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/NotFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.NotFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/XposedHide.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.XposedHide
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.XposedHide$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.XposedHide$2
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.XposedHide$3
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.XposedHide$4
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/SystemUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.SystemUtils
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/SensorManagerHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.SensorManagerHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.SensorManagerHook$1
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/HexDump.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.HexDump
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/DelegateFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.DelegateFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/hookUtils/MethodHookCallBack.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.hookUtils.MethodHookCallBack
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/ReaderInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.ReaderInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/hookUtils/Reflector.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.hookUtils.Reflector
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/mutable/Mutable.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.mutable.Mutable
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/LineIterator.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.LineIterator
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/DirectoryWalker.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.DirectoryWalker
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.DirectoryWalker$CancelException
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/MessageDigestCalculatingInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.MessageDigestCalculatingInputStream
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.MessageDigestCalculatingInputStream$MessageDigestMaintainingObserver
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/hookUtils/Hook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.hookUtils.Hook
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/NotificationManagerHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.NotificationManagerHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.NotificationManagerHook$1
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/comparator/LastModifiedFileComparator.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.comparator.LastModifiedFileComparator
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/FileFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.FileFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/ProcessHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.ProcessHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.ProcessHook$1
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/SuffixFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.SuffixFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/DirectoryFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.DirectoryFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/Charsets.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.Charsets
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/exception/CloneFailedException.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.exception.CloneFailedException
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/AgeFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.AgeFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/ObservableInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.ObservableInputStream
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.ObservableInputStream$Observer
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/builder/Builder.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.builder.Builder
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/TaggedIOException.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.TaggedIOException
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/ThresholdingOutputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.ThresholdingOutputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/NullWriter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.NullWriter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/hookUtils/Logger.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.hookUtils.Logger
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/ContentResolverHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.ContentResolverHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.ContentResolverHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.ContentResolverHook$2
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.ContentResolverHook$3
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.ContentResolverHook$4
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.ContentResolverHook$5
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/ClassUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.ClassUtils
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/LockableFileWriter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.LockableFileWriter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/DemuxOutputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.DemuxOutputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/ChunkedOutputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.ChunkedOutputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/comparator/SizeFileComparator.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.comparator.SizeFileComparator
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/PackageManagerHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.PackageManagerHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.PackageManagerHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.PackageManagerHook$2
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.PackageManagerHook$3
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/IOExceptionWithCause.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.IOExceptionWithCause
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/util/FileUtil.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.util.FileUtil
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/MediaRecorderHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.MediaRecorderHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.MediaRecorderHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.MediaRecorderHook$2
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/BrokenOutputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.BrokenOutputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/comparator/PathFileComparator.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.comparator.PathFileComparator
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/TaggedInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.TaggedInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/SwappedDataInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.SwappedDataInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/ReversedLinesFileReader.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.ReversedLinesFileReader
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.ReversedLinesFileReader$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.ReversedLinesFileReader$FilePart
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/hookUtils/MethodHookHandler.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.hookUtils.MethodHookHandler
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/comparator/ExtensionFileComparator.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.comparator.ExtensionFileComparator
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/JavaVersion.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.JavaVersion
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/ConditionalFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.ConditionalFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/builder/HashCodeBuilder.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.builder.HashCodeBuilder
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/CanWriteFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.CanWriteFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/OrFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.OrFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/BuildConfig.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.BuildConfig
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/WildcardFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.WildcardFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/CloseShieldInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.CloseShieldInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/ObjectUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.ObjectUtils
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.ObjectUtils$Null
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/serialization/RegexpClassNameMatcher.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.serialization.RegexpClassNameMatcher
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/hookUtils/CLogUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.hookUtils.CLogUtils
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/ProxyWriter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.ProxyWriter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/SizeFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.SizeFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/DeferredFileOutputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.DeferredFileOutputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/CharSequenceUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.CharSequenceUtils
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/AudioRecordHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.AudioRecordHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.AudioRecordHook$1
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/FileFilterUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.FileFilterUtils
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/monitor/FileAlterationObserver.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.monitor.FileAlterationObserver
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/StringBuilderWriter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.StringBuilderWriter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/hookUtils/IsExactnessis.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.hookUtils.IsExactnessis
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/monitor/FileEntry.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.monitor.FileEntry
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/ClassLoaderObjectInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.ClassLoaderObjectInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/XmlStreamReaderException.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.XmlStreamReaderException
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/serialization/WildcardClassNameMatcher.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.serialization.WildcardClassNameMatcher
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/serialization/FullClassNameMatcher.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.serialization.FullClassNameMatcher
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/CookieManagerHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.CookieManagerHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.CookieManagerHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.CookieManagerHook$1$1
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/ClosedOutputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.ClosedOutputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/FileUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.FileUtils
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/OutputStreamWrapper.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.OutputStreamWrapper
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/HiddenFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.HiddenFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/IOCase.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.IOCase
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/ThreadMonitor.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.ThreadMonitor
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/comparator/CompositeFileComparator.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.comparator.CompositeFileComparator
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/CountingInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.CountingInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/serialization/ValidatingObjectInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.serialization.ValidatingObjectInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/NetStreamHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.NetStreamHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.NetStreamHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.NetStreamHook$2
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/observer/FileLogEventObserver.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.observer.FileLogEventObserver
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.observer.FileLogEventObserver$EventAppender
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/AppendableOutputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.AppendableOutputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/util/Util.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.util.Util
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/reflect/MethodUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.reflect.MethodUtils
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/builder/ToStringStyle.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.builder.ToStringStyle
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.builder.ToStringStyle$DefaultToStringStyle
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.builder.ToStringStyle$MultiLineToStringStyle
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.builder.ToStringStyle$NoFieldNameToStringStyle
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.builder.ToStringStyle$ShortPrefixToStringStyle
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.builder.ToStringStyle$SimpleToStringStyle
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/EncoderHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.EncoderHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.EncoderHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.EncoderHook$2
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.EncoderHook$3
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.EncoderHook$4
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.EncoderHook$5
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.EncoderHook$6
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.EncoderHook$7
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/ByteArrayOutputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.ByteArrayOutputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/InfiniteCircularInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.InfiniteCircularInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/ProxyOutputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.ProxyOutputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/FileCleaner.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.FileCleaner
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/TeeOutputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.TeeOutputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/CharSequenceReader.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.CharSequenceReader
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/SocketMonitor.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.SocketMonitor
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.SocketMonitor$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.SocketMonitor$2
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.SocketMonitor$3
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.SocketMonitor$4
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/FileWriterWithEncoding.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.FileWriterWithEncoding
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/LocationManagerHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.LocationManagerHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.LocationManagerHook$1
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/RuntimeHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.RuntimeHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.RuntimeHook$1
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/DemuxInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.DemuxInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/TailerListenerAdapter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.TailerListenerAdapter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/monitor/FileAlterationListenerAdaptor.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.monitor.FileAlterationListenerAdaptor
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/NullOutputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.NullOutputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/FilenameUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.FilenameUtils
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/BoundedInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.BoundedInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/comparator/DefaultFileComparator.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.comparator.DefaultFileComparator
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/comparator/DirectoryFileComparator.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.comparator.DirectoryFileComparator
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/ArrayUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.ArrayUtils
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/ProxyInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.ProxyInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/mutable/MutableInt.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.mutable.MutableInt
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/CharUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.CharUtils
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/SmsManagerHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.SmsManagerHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.SmsManagerHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.SmsManagerHook$2
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.SmsManagerHook$3
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.SmsManagerHook$4
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/OkHttpHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.OkHttpHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.OkHttpHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.OkHttpHook$2
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/AbstractFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.AbstractFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/Tailer.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.Tailer
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/CopyUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.CopyUtils
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/AndFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.AndFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/tuple/Pair.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.tuple.Pair
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/FileSystemUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.FileSystemUtils
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/comparator/AbstractFileComparator.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.comparator.AbstractFileComparator
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/PrefixFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.PrefixFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/TestHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.TestHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.TestHook$1
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/builder/ReflectionToStringBuilder.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.builder.ReflectionToStringBuilder
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/HttpHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.HttpHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.HttpHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.HttpHook$2
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/AutoCloseInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.AutoCloseInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/formatter/HttpBaseFormatter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.formatter.HttpBaseFormatter
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.formatter.HttpBaseFormatter$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.formatter.HttpBaseFormatter$Method
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.formatter.HttpBaseFormatter$Trie
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/builder/CompareToBuilder.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.builder.CompareToBuilder
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/RegexFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.RegexFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/CryptoHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.CryptoHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.CryptoHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.CryptoHook$2
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.CryptoHook$3
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.CryptoHook$4
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.CryptoHook$5
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.CryptoHook$6
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.CryptoHook$7
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/WriterOutputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.WriterOutputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/SettingsHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.SettingsHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.SettingsHook$1
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/XmlStreamWriter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.XmlStreamWriter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/formatter/HttpChunckAggregateFormatter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.formatter.HttpChunckAggregateFormatter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/XmlStreamReader.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.XmlStreamReader
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/IOUtils.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.IOUtils
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/formatter/GZipDecodeFormatter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.formatter.GZipDecodeFormatter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/TaggedOutputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.TaggedOutputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/WildcardFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.WildcardFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/BOMInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.BOMInputStream
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.BOMInputStream$1
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/hookUtils/LogInterceptorImp.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.hookUtils.LogInterceptorImp
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/ByteOrderMark.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.ByteOrderMark
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/InputStreamWrapper.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.InputStreamWrapper
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/SocketPackEvent.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.SocketPackEvent
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/comparator/ReverseComparator.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.comparator.ReverseComparator
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/monitor/FileAlterationMonitor.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.monitor.FileAlterationMonitor
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/filefilter/CanReadFileFilter.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.filefilter.CanReadFileFilter
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/CameraHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.CameraHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.CameraHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.CameraHook$2
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.CameraHook$3
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.CameraHook$4
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/TelephonyManagerHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.TelephonyManagerHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.TelephonyManagerHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.TelephonyManagerHook$10
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.TelephonyManagerHook$11
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.TelephonyManagerHook$12
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.TelephonyManagerHook$13
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.TelephonyManagerHook$2
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.TelephonyManagerHook$3
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.TelephonyManagerHook$4
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.TelephonyManagerHook$5
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.TelephonyManagerHook$6
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.TelephonyManagerHook$7
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.TelephonyManagerHook$8
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.TelephonyManagerHook$9
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/monitor/FileAlterationListener.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.monitor.FileAlterationListener
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/ProxyReader.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.ProxyReader
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/FileCleaningTracker.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.FileCleaningTracker
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.FileCleaningTracker$Reaper
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.FileCleaningTracker$Tracker
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/observer/EventObserver.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.observer.EventObserver
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/lang3/tuple/ImmutablePair.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.lang3.tuple.ImmutablePair
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/input/ClosedInputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.input.ClosedInputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/httphook/virjarSocketHook/orgApacheCommons/io/output/CloseShieldOutputStream.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.httphook.virjarSocketHook.orgApacheCommons.io.output.CloseShieldOutputStream
com/softsec/mobsec/dae/apimonitor/hook/apis/NetInfoHook.java
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.NetInfoHook
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.NetInfoHook$1
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.NetInfoHook$2
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.NetInfoHook$3
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.NetInfoHook$4
 com.softsec.mobsec.dae.apimonitor.hook.apis.NetInfoHook$5
